output_directory         = /home/2014/choppe1/Documents/EvoNet/virt_workspace/data/output/111_bias/test_node5

# general
debug                     	= False
directed			= False
single_cc               	= True

# states
pressure                 	= 100
pressure_on           		= edges
instance_states         	= experience
state_distribution  		= uniform
sampling_rounds_multiplier 	= .1
sampling_rounds_max      	= None


# start and stop
initial_net_type        = random
starting_size           = 8
stop_condition		= generation
ending_size             = 20
max_generations         = 20
edge_to_node_ratio      = 2

network_file  = /home/2014/choppe1/Documents/EvoNet/virt_workspace/data/output/108_lowDeg/rewire_attempt_contd/nets/1200


# population
number_of_workers       = 16
num_worker_nets         = 1
percent_survive         = 10

# output
num_data_output     	= 10
num_net_output        	= 2

# fitness
fitness_metric 		= info
fitness_direction       = max
scale_node_fitness      = False


# bias
biased                   = True
bias_on                  = nodes
global_edge_bias         = 0
bias_distribution        = uniform


# mutation
add_edge_mutation_frequency     = 0
remove_edge_mutation_frequency  = 0
rewire_mutation_frequency       = 0
sign_mutation_frequency         = 0
reverse_edge_mutation_frequency = 0
grow_mutation_frequency         = 1
shrink_mutation_frequency       = 0

# partially implemented 
num_sims	= 1
advice_creation	= each

